Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry. Nyah,
Gwenevere Abriel: Aston as to bio psychosocial
Saraniah Aston: I am very stressed out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Well, all we have to do is just sit here and answer some questions is nothing more than that. Is there something I can help it.
Saraniah Aston: I have I just been making these mistakes with my appointments. And I thought, I thought our meeting was for 10am
Saraniah Aston: I have an appointment.
Saraniah Aston: With my, my first appointment with my new say hi just
Saraniah Aston: At 1130 so I'm going to do whatever I can to
Gwenevere Abriel: How far away.
Saraniah Aston: I'm here right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, how far as
Saraniah Aston: Far away. Uh huh. It's about five minutes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you drive so you so here's what we can do.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a very good drive
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a solid hour. So here's my proposition. If you can fully attend in here. We'll do a half hour 25 minutes let's say if you think you can cram it all in. And then you and I can talk again later this evening. We can do the second half, do you want to do that.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, that would be great.
Saraniah Aston: Okay. So when would be really great.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have any other commitments today.
Saraniah Aston: No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if I get if I get a cancellation. I'll call you. But otherwise, it will probably be about your time maybe either three 330 or 430 is that maybe. Okay.
Saraniah Aston: Sure 430
Yes.
Saraniah Aston: Okay, I'm actually, I'm ready.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me just I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Just anything need to be alone. And then we can finish the assessment. So I'll persevere and I mentioned before in group that it's it's a lot of questions. It's not therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this, this is getting some history, but it's not therapy. Okay, so I wanted to just say that. So although you might be tempted to want to give me a long story. I won't be able to get through the assessment. So they're just kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Just basic. This is the answer. And then we'll move on to the next one. Okay.
Saraniah Aston: So it feels a little different.
Gwenevere Abriel: Than therapy does
Saraniah Aston: Okay, excellent.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me open up a note.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, see.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just let's get. Let me just do a little introduction of who I am, so that you know who you're talking to, here.
Gwenevere Abriel: As you know, I'm in Florida. I'm a licensed marriage and family therapist have been practicing for over 20 years have been very interested in drawn to and have been working directly with people struggling with chemical dependence and
Gwenevere Abriel: Everything from private practice to felony drug court.
Gwenevere Abriel: Aap. So kind of a
Gwenevere Abriel: wide spectrum as well as private practice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Business been with bright heart about two years have had in Mexico license about I specifically got it to work with bright heart. So I have a dual license there and here
Gwenevere Abriel: The only other thing, really, I have the ability to kind of I send reminders via text to say, hey, you have an appointment and the night before. Typically I get a confirmation
Gwenevere Abriel: I use the phone as a way for my clients to reach out if there's a big like something big happens and they want to reach out to me and say, hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: You know I'm in the urgent care or something happened to my dog or, you know, I've got to go do this thing. People can reach out to me and say, I've got a big thing going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't use it as a therapeutic intervention, you're not going to have this long winded text, you'll probably hear me say, Hey, do you have time to meet in, zoom, so that we can talk face to face. Okay.
Saraniah Aston: So for some people.
Gwenevere Abriel: Still kind of cold because like, why would I say something therapeutic on a phone. I've learned over the years that it's too risky words are misinterpreted and when feelings are very tender and there's vulnerability. It's better when we meet face to face. Okay.
Saraniah Aston: Do you have. Yeah, for sure. Definitely.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have my telephone number.
Saraniah Aston: And I cannot
Gwenevere Abriel: Even yours down and I'll put it on my phone, and then I'll send you text reminders when our appointments are okay.
Saraniah Aston: So it's area code that would be amazing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sure it's area code.
95427240088 495-424-0084
Gwenevere Abriel: And what is your okay
Saraniah Aston: 213-285-7791
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm gonna send you a quick lunch and then you can just say, Hey, so that we know
Saraniah Aston: What we got here will say, okay,
See
Gwenevere Abriel: 2857790 yeah I gotcha in here. I'll say one here.
And you can let me know if you receive that text.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sure did. That's beautiful. Okay, so we're going to dive right into
This
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: You went looking for treatment where you already taking Suboxone or were you using a short acting opiate like a Percocet, or heroin right before you got here.
Saraniah Aston: No, I've been
Saraniah Aston: Clean from any other drugs for over five, six years.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when you went looking for treatment. What was your goal, like
Saraniah Aston: What we from treatment.
Saraniah Aston: Suboxone program. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you were already on Suboxone how many milligrams
Saraniah Aston: 2024 something like, what, eight times 324 yes
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And how many years or months have you been at 24 milligrams
Saraniah Aston: Three years.
Gwenevere Abriel: And why by the change, why change programs.
Saraniah Aston: Um, because the program. I was at previously was
Saraniah Aston: Absolutely inhumane and they have been shut down since I left because of how the HR people
Oh dear. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And did you receive any psychotherapy through that other program.
Saraniah Aston: No. No. None, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I do provide that I provide the psychotherapy oftentimes my
Gwenevere Abriel: clients have a trauma history. They have depression, anxiety, and those underlying issues, even if it's I'm looking for a job or I want to go back to school or I want to eat differently, whatever it is. It doesn't matter what your goal is. I'm going to work with you on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if when you go see this like high interest, you may want to include and say, Hey, I just started. I'll be getting psychotherapy with
Gwenevere Abriel: With one of here and then this psychiatrist probably would want to do the medication management piece. Okay.
Saraniah Aston: Okay cool so
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's I'm going to be starting with and it'll be really isolated to just the opiate use. And then I'm going to dip into other substances like alcohol.
Saraniah Aston: Etc, etc.
Gwenevere Abriel: So right now, when was your first use of a opiate some people, it's a twisted ankle and
Gwenevere Abriel: And or something. Okay. A 16 what happened.
Saraniah Aston: Um, I had a toothache and I started taking like it in. Okay. And for that, and I didn't stop.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how did you feel the first time you
Gwenevere Abriel: Had biking in
Saraniah Aston: I'm euphoric my anxiety was a lot. It was very much so diminished. Um, my depression seems just disappear.
Saraniah Aston: And yeah, it was a those I was great, it felt great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was there a time Eddie 16 to you took the Viking and as prescribed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was there a time you
Gwenevere Abriel: Took it just
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, because I was curious about the euphoria immediately when you took it just you got a euphoric effect or when you went off the dose. Oh, okay. And how long were you prescribed by couldn't
Saraniah Aston: Um, it was only about two weeks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And then, and then how did the the progression of substance use moved from there.
Saraniah Aston: Um, I basically hung out with all the wrong people. And it was very readily available within circles of friends. Okay, and acquaintances.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, and what was the progression. In other words, at its worst, how much were you doing it. Was there a point where you were smoking it snorting it kind of break me down into the progression.
Saraniah Aston: Um, I tried simmering if you times but it hurt my nose. So I didn't do it anymore.
Saraniah Aston: So no, I just saw pillows.
Gwenevere Abriel: And at its worst, how much of the Viking n or Percocet. So roxy's. What are you doing, what's the most amount. What's the worst dose or we're doing worse than
Saraniah Aston: Other see
Saraniah Aston: percocet only like
Saraniah Aston: 4050 milligrams a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: And did it progress to her when you set some point
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, but only one time.
Saraniah Aston: One time, only one
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it IV or did you ingest it
Saraniah Aston: Through snorting how it was a ID one time ID.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And how old were you
Saraniah Aston: I was, I believe I was 19
Saraniah Aston: And I had just gotten that a rehab at the girl in rehab.
Gwenevere Abriel: had just gotten out and was your experience of the heroin a positive one and negative one.
Saraniah Aston: Um, it was, it was not positive.
Saraniah Aston: But it wasn't extremely negative either. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And no other time had to use heroin, but that one time at age 19
Saraniah Aston: Correct.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever had an incident where you overdose either intentionally or accidentally
Saraniah Aston: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how old are you,
Saraniah Aston: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Top was that intentional.
Saraniah Aston: Um, they the doctors say that it was I
Saraniah Aston: had no intentions of killing myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if your first use was night at 16. What was the overdose on what was going on at 12
Saraniah Aston: Alcohol. Oh, okay.
Saraniah Aston: Alcohol and barbiturate
Gwenevere Abriel: And were you hospitalized overnight or two.
Saraniah Aston: For a month. Okay. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you weren't that was in the psychiatric department.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, as a UCLA.
Gwenevere Abriel: For a month. And what I noticed that they give you when you were there.
Saraniah Aston: You remember, um,
Saraniah Aston: I'm not sure that I was given a diagnosis.
Saraniah Aston: I mean, I was already diagnosed
Saraniah Aston: With
Saraniah Aston: Major Depressive Disorder anxiety and anxiety disorder.
Saraniah Aston: But I don't believe I was getting another data set that time.
Saraniah Aston: I have plenty other other
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, right here. We're just going to focus on the substance use and then there's another section that I can delve more depth in depth to what we just touched on just now. So let's
Saraniah Aston: Let's take
Gwenevere Abriel: Thing on the on the opiate use for just a moment where they're incidents where you overdosed on an opiate or intentional.
Gwenevere Abriel: He said now.
Saraniah Aston: No, never.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright denies opiate overdose history. Accidental or intentional.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a transcriber that's why you're going to hear me say things kind of repeat myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: So is there anything else when you when you think about the opiate your history with it. Is there anything that you kind of like, you know what you really want me to know about it, that maybe I didn't ask a question about it.
Saraniah Aston: I'm
Saraniah Aston: Nothing that comes off in my head right now I can think of. If I were to think about, perhaps. But at the moment, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's fine. Alright, so let's move on to let me see some symptoms here. Um, was there a time when you tried to cut down
Gwenevere Abriel: On your own you've had cravings. I'm assuming all those symptoms that it takes a lot of time obtaining a substance, you've lost activities on due to the substance use increased amounts needed
Saraniah Aston: Pretty standard. Absolutely.
Okay.
Saraniah Aston: I completely
Saraniah Aston: got off of methadone.
Saraniah Aston: Cold Turkey.
Saraniah Aston: And was sober for about four and a half years.
Gwenevere Abriel: What years for those
Gwenevere Abriel: Which which years
Saraniah Aston: 2009
Saraniah Aston: I kicked the method.
Saraniah Aston: And
Saraniah Aston: My daughter was born in 2014 so I was using
Saraniah Aston: About eight months before I found out I was pregnant.
Saraniah Aston: 2013. Okay. Okay. Yeah.
Excellent.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get into some of these other substances.
Let's go to
I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Going into treatment. History in a Minute. Have you ever intentionally or accidentally use fentanyl
Saraniah Aston: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Tonight's lifetime use fentanyl and Asia first use this will be the question and I'll be asking AG first us. What was the progression and when was your last year. So as your first use of alcohol.
Saraniah Aston: Um, well.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the progression from there talking to, to use it.
Saraniah Aston: Um, I
Saraniah Aston: Will after 12 years went by, where I didn't really drink much alcohol until I was about like 1617
Saraniah Aston: And I started drinking more heavily, you know, going out and partying and drinking and
Gwenevere Abriel: Drinking more heavily. Was it every night or every weekend. What was the frequency
Saraniah Aston: Like every weekend.
Saraniah Aston: It was like a
Saraniah Aston: binge drink.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ben shank and to the point of passing out
Saraniah Aston: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did anybody ever tell you, girl, you need to cut back and have you tried to cut back and had a difficult time doing that was ever part of your history.
Saraniah Aston: Um, yeah, I
Saraniah Aston: Wasn't ex boyfriend who wanted me to stop.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you had a difficult time doing it, even though he encouraged to to
Saraniah Aston: I had a difficult time. Yes, I had a difficult time doing it until 2009
Gwenevere Abriel: And was, did it ever reach the point where you needed right an eye opener. In the morning have alcohol, maybe to prevent the DTS or anything like that.
Saraniah Aston: No, I was never dependent
Gwenevere Abriel: Never developed the dependence. Okay.
Saraniah Aston: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you ever have any sort of legal implications happen ever pulled over gotten a DUI or anything associated with the alcohol use.
Saraniah Aston: No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: When was your last drink.
Saraniah Aston: Um, it's been a year and three months.
Gwenevere Abriel: ager first use of nicotine.
Saraniah Aston: Nine.
Gwenevere Abriel: And after you smoked at nine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Digit progress from there.
Saraniah Aston: Um, when I was I was smoking.
Saraniah Aston: Fully like a pack a day. But I was 14
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, age 14 and then did it increase from there kind of bringing you all the way to today. What was that progression.
Saraniah Aston: UM, YEAH, I SAW SMOKE I would I need to quit.
Saraniah Aston: Definitely
Gwenevere Abriel: How much you smoke in these days.
Saraniah Aston: A pocket a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: Asia first use of marijuana
Saraniah Aston: 13
Gwenevere Abriel: How often did you smoke after that.
Saraniah Aston: I'm often very often.
Gwenevere Abriel: Every day.
Saraniah Aston: I'd say like four days a week. If you have to quantify it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And about how much were you smoking those four days a week. Would you say one joint a bowl. What were you doing
Saraniah Aston: Probably a gram a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: About how many months or years. Were you smoking four days a week, how long
Saraniah Aston: Um,
Saraniah Aston: Well that didn't really stop. Well, actually, no. I stopped. I'm sorry. I stopped smoking marijuana. When I was 16 years old, until I was about 25
Saraniah Aston: Because I had a really bad LSD trip.
Saraniah Aston: And
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I couldn't do anything.
Saraniah Aston: I couldn't even go outside.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: After that, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Stay somewhere between
Gwenevere Abriel: Right 25 and now with us the marijuana use look like
Saraniah Aston: Now I smoke it medicinal for my PTSD.
Saraniah Aston: I just came back from 10 years in Israel. So I got PTSD over there. Um,
Saraniah Aston: So I do smoke on a regular basis, this time.
Saraniah Aston: I'm about a half gram a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: And have you ever recreationally or maybe it was prescribed adjusted typically known as ADHD medication. The methylphenidate Adderall or Ritalin.
Saraniah Aston: I have Ed, I have. I have. I am definitely diagnosed
Gwenevere Abriel: Which one
Saraniah Aston: Add but
Saraniah Aston: Add
Gwenevere Abriel: And when did you first take medication for
Saraniah Aston: Um, when I was 24
Gwenevere Abriel: And are you currently taking it.
Saraniah Aston: And some days. Some days I don't
Saraniah Aston: What do you take, I take it you know if I feel like I needed. I kind of just feel it out.
What medication.
Saraniah Aston: By
Gwenevere Abriel: By the answer.
Saraniah Aston: I was taking Adderall. But I switched survivor because
Saraniah Aston: I roll just feels dirty.
Saraniah Aston: Yesterday,
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your prescription about
Saraniah Aston: 50 milligrams
Gwenevere Abriel: And the prescribing doctor
Saraniah Aston: I'm Joe way go
Saraniah Aston: This way. Exactly.
Saraniah Aston: But that's my the scrubbing doctors here in America.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you mentioned that the down. What was the age that you
Gwenevere Abriel: First started
Saraniah Aston: I don't remember. I
Saraniah Aston: Don't remember. I was in my early 20s. In early
Gwenevere Abriel: And you think you were taking it for years or months.
Saraniah Aston: I was taking it for years.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, and each of first use of
Gwenevere Abriel: Crystal Meth
Saraniah Aston: Played with methamphetamines when I never did so.
Saraniah Aston: But Miss I did when I was 17
Saraniah Aston: And I did it for about a month.
Saraniah Aston: And that's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is your first use of a barbecue it
Saraniah Aston: 12
Gwenevere Abriel: And what was the use on going with that substance, how often, how much
Saraniah Aston: One time, the same time that I was sent to the hospital.
Saraniah Aston: For the alcohol overdose. I was given barbiturates by an older woman.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: No other time after that, correct.
Saraniah Aston: Correct. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is your first use of a benzodiazepine
Saraniah Aston: 16
Gwenevere Abriel: And what was the ongoing use
Gwenevere Abriel: If there was after that.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, since now.
Saraniah Aston: Okay, what do you prescribe I've been on benzodiazepine
Saraniah Aston: Woody on at the moment I'm prescribed
Saraniah Aston: Out of him.
Saraniah Aston: I was taking
Saraniah Aston: Klonopin but I take two milligrams three times a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: two milligrams three times a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: And was taking Klonopin in what was the negative part of content that you changed or maybe that was your doctor that
Saraniah Aston: decided, well,
Saraniah Aston: No, it was my decision.
Saraniah Aston: It wasn't really working anymore was helping me with my anxiety and I was on an extremely high dose and it just, you know, just wasn't working and
Saraniah Aston: So I figured I just try switching to another benzodiazepine your notes in the same class.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, so
Saraniah Aston: Other than
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm going to pay attention to the time and let you go. And then if you don't mind, I'll text you and if you're free. We'll meet again, or maybe around 430 or 530 unless I get a no show for an appointment. I'll reach out to you, is that okay
Saraniah Aston: Yeah okay but I will definitely be there for 30
Saraniah Aston: Okay, is that good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, yeah, I do have someone that's on call. So that's why I'm kind of being a little
Gwenevere Abriel: Loose oh yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: But look, I it's really hard for me to tell. I
Gwenevere Abriel: Not sure what's going to happen at that time.
Saraniah Aston: But I'm thinking that's not a problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, we'll figure it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: On enjoy your appointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: You soon.
Saraniah Aston: Okay. I'll talk to you soon.
Saraniah Aston: Okay. Bye bye.